functions:
>>Check Videos-- 
...click Lsit video btn to lsit all videos
...Finding function: 
	Find by Title, Director, Rate, Order
...Can show video by order, by alphabet or by rating

#### NOTE:
stil return error for ID part
	
>>Create list
...Play the list(plays increase)
...Finding function:
	Find by Name, Director, Rate, Order
...Can create/delete list:
	 name the list, add video into the list/ remove video out of the list,
...Changing information of the list
	name the list, add video into the list/ remove video out of the list,

...
>>Update videos
...Add more videos
		Add title, Add director, Add rate
...Delete videos
...Rating it
...Get play count(automatic everytime clicking in the video)
...Change videos information(title, director, rate)
		





Write report:
Writing a report for the process of mine application can be a challenging task. However, there are many resources available online that can help you get started. Here are some tips that might help you:

Start by defining the purpose of your report and what you want to achieve.
Identify the key stakeholders and their requirements.
Describe the process you are analyzing and provide context.
Use diagrams and visualizations to help explain the process.
Analyze the data you have collected and identify any patterns or trends.
Discuss any issues or problems that you have identified.
Provide recommendations for improvement.


>>>create list video
Instead of fixing the size and position of the window, let the user change it freely.
Set the focus on the entry where the user enters the list name.
Make the tree views of all videos and added videos scrollable with scrollbars.
Place the add and delete buttons near the tree views, and switch them on and off depending on the selected video.
When the user presses the create button, check that the list name is not empty and that there are added videos.



Error causing:
------check videos
1. finding id when find an id out of range in 
------ create video list
1. finding function not work---done
2. delete function not work--- done
3. create list notwork----done ---> 
4. setting list not work----done


-----------------still need to fix the way the data get for particular video or list to setting it

fixing problem----------------
- have something to show user that play-btn have been clicked
- video in list not delete after delete list
- more time for caution
- check video should have some caution
- search nothing will caught error
- cannot auto update after change data info, but have to click search or list all to make it appear
- delete should have error if there's no data to delete